An extension to enable passwords and form logins to be stored in gnome-keyring

This extension replaces the default password manager in both Firefox and
Thunderbird with an implementation which stores the passwords in Gnome Keyring
(i.e. seahorse).

This allows for safe storage of passwords without prompting for password after
Firefox or Thunderbird has been started. You can also backup your passwords
easily, without having to backup up all of the rest of your profile -
gnome-keyring stores its data in ~/.gnome2/keyrings

Notice: gnome-keyring stores the passwords encrypted on permanent storage but
it keeps passwords in memory without encryption. As a result, other programs
with access to memory space of gnome-keyring (namely debuggers and applications
running as root) may be able to extract the passwords. The same applies to
internal Firefox and Thunderbird implementations so use of this extension
should not be any less secure than the default implementation. The passwords are
decrypted once the keyring has been opened (the keyring called "login" will be
automatically opened once you login, if its password is identical to your login
password). Your passwords are stored only in encrypted form when you are not
logged in, or when you explicitly re-lock the keyring via the seahorse UI.

some basic infos about the extension:

there’s no migration facility atm, if you move from ff integrated password
manager to gnome keyring you’ll need to save all the passwords again. this is
less of a problem in firefox 7+ whose password manager lets you right-click and
do "copy password".

saved password in ff remain untouched, so remember to delete them when the
add-on is inactive if you decided to move. if you set a master password, when
you click on preferences→security→saved passwords→ show passwords you still get
asked for it, even if gnome keyring is active. you can change the keyring in
which passwords are saved by creating/editing the preference item
extensions.gnome-keyring.keyringName. The default is "mozilla".

You can find more technical information on bugzilla
(https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=309807)


Build dependencies:
 * libgnome-keyring-devel
 * xulrunner-devel


Tested on:
 - Ubuntu 10.04 with Firefox 3.6.7 by <der.claudio@gmail.com>
 - Ubuntu 10.10 with Firefox 3.6.12 and Thunderbird 3.1.6 (see bugs)
 - Arch Linux
 - Gentoo Linux with Firefox 3.6.12 and Thunderbird 3.1.6
 - Debian wheezy/sid with Iceweasel 7.0.1


Known Bugs:
- Problems on Ubuntu 8.10 installation with Thundebird 3.1.6:
    It is necessary to copy libxul.so and libxpcom.so from
    /usr/lib/xulrunner-*/ into /usr/lib/thunderbird-*/ folder. See issue #4.
    I'am thankful for any hints why this Problem exists. And status
    on different distributions (no problem on gentoo).

--
#4: https://github.com/mdlavin/firefox-gnome-keyring/issues/#issue/4

